Ci ti refresh multiple tickets - DOC-3344, DOC-3343, DOC-3444, CI-8980 (#2692)
harness/developer-hub: docs/first-gen/continuous-delivery/concepts-cd/deployment-types/pivotal-cloud-foundry-deployments-overview.md

Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) was purchased by VMWare and renamed to Tanzu Application Service (TAS). For a quick tutorial, see the [Tanzu Application Service Quickstart](../../../first-gen-quickstarts/pivotal-cloud-foundry-quickstart.md).

> For detailed instructions on using TAS in Harness, see the [Tanzu Application Service How-tos](/docs/category/iis-net-deployments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on using TAS in Harness, go to the [Tanzu Application Service How-tos](/docs/category/iis-net-deployments).
```

Author: another one that isn't mine, just a link change.
